---
# yaml-language-server: $schema=schemas/page.schema.json
Object type:
    - Page
Backlinks:
    - Farfall Session Notes
Creation date: "2025-07-20T15:15:31Z"
Created by:
    - Alan Moreira
id: bafyreihmkwe2p74xj4r5owcvjg5hzo5673najkqpjoduxcmwnxyzft2poq
---
# 2025-06-29   
- **DRAGON PIT:**   
    - Found in a rough, bone-strewn cave with a large dragon that's not watching them.   
    - A 30-foot fall into darkness; no light source except for torches lit by Rook.   
    - The iron door shuts and locks behind them, leaving them in pitch black before Juni checks it.   
- **ARTUS THE DRAGON:**   
    - Dragon communicates using a booming voice from 80 meters away.   
    - Offers a deal: leave peacefully if they go 80 meters down another passageway, taking spider venom
antidote with them.   
    - Claims responsibility for killing intruders but wants the contract that binds him to do so, in
exchange for allowing them safe passage and access to his horde.   
- **WIZARD'S ARCHIVES:**   
    - Entered wearing student robes.   
    - Arquick (a previously encountered archivist) is the contact.   
    - Most books are in arcane languages, unreadable.   
    - Rook and later Dong get magically sucked into a book titled "Easy-to-Learn Spell-Tricks."   
    - Trixie and Juni discern realities and free their friends from the spell.   
    - They're directed to Prof. Tockitt for the Dragon contract.   
    - Contract is in ancient arcane language and requires Trixie to sleep-gel the librarian.   
- **CONTRACT ROOM:**   
    - The correct contracts are held by a skeptical wizard, Prof. Tockitt.   
    - After Trixie convinces him of their legitimacy, he hands over the scroll for Arctus's contract in
arcane language.   
- **RETURN TO DRAGON'S PIT:**   
    - They descend with the contract, only to find a battle raging below against a skeleton horde sent by
another dark wizard.   
    - Teamwork wins the fight and the Dragon grants each of them two items from his treasure.   
