---
# yaml-language-server: $schema=schemas/page.schema.json
Object type:
    - Page
Backlinks:
    - Farfall Session Notes
Creation date: "2025-06-29T14:11:00Z"
Created by:
    - Alan Moreira
id: bafyreidzhxcfuvggfazm6brct4xsgd4taxi2alwbdwl6j4kgyxwfinfdb4
---
# 2025-04-27   
**Summoning Discussion**   
- Harry explains summoning demons with their true name but is hesitant to share details.   
- Trixie drugs Harry to maintain secrecy after becoming concerned he might reveal their plan.   
   
**College Records Heist**   
- Enter Wizard’s College posing as King’s deputies to access Zurboh’s records.   
- Bribe an intern, Arquick, with a gem for entry; he retrieves the scroll but is burned in the process.   
- The roll roster is unreadable in Arcane language.   
   
**Returning to Harry**   
- Harry reads Zurboh’s true name aloud and suggests retrying the summoning at the College.   
   
**Thieves' Guild Demands**   
- Scoun (a guild representative) demands a Gem of Truth-Seeing or equivalent for Rook's departure.   
   
**College Summoning Attempt**   
- Harry attempts to summon Zurboh in a space marked by burn and scorch marks.   
- Zurboh appears but urges them to find his summoner, Uforn, for help.   
- Juni briefly channels magic but collapses; Trixie steals a gem.   
   
**CAFETERIA Distraction**   
- A ruckus in the cafeteria distracts the wizards while Trixie and Rook steal more gems.   
   
**Descent into the Basement**   
- Escape pursuit by disguising as students and finding student cloaks.   
- Trigger a trap that turns the stairs into a slide; end up in a nest-like chamber with a massive dragon
breathing heavily.   
