---
# yaml-language-server: $schema=schemas/page.schema.json
Object type:
    - Page
Backlinks:
    - Farfall Session Notes
    - Farfall
Creation date: "2025-06-27T08:25:02Z"
Created by:
    - Alan Moreira
id: bafyreibeaufsskxnbrz5fha4whxrnlemtawvmoclajrdfdi66hlvpgpzam
---
# 2025-03-09   
2025-03-09   
2025-03-09   
# 2025-03-09   
The story unfolds in a post-disaster world following a massive storm ("Hurricane") that   
destroyed much of the forest. A group of survivors, including Trixie and Dongthar, must   
navigate their way to safety after being separated from their base in Greenvale. They   
face challenges such as escaping greedy villagers, battling a rabid oxen outbreak at   
Farmer Bleeson's brussel sprouts farm, and uncovering a hidden flagstone marked by   
mysterious symbols.   
1. **Initial Recovery**: The characters find shelter near a townsperson and establish   
   
basic supplies. They learn of the "red-eye" oxen, which have turned greedy, trampling   
their crops and pooping on them. The leader of this rogue group is believed to be at   
Farmer Bleeson's farm.   
1. **Greenvale Crisis**: The survivors confront Mayor Flassel, who recommends   
   
relocating to the nearby village of Whapum, where villagers oppose them due to the   
oxen's influence. The characters investigate and discover that the red-eyed oxen are   
returning for unknown reasons.   
1. **Oxen Herd Investigation**: After following the trail of the red-eyed oxen, the   
   
survivors find a group of normal oxen returning to Greenvale. They sense something   
amiss but cannot pinpoint it until they witness the leader's transformation into a   
red-eyed oxen.   
1. **Epiclosing**: The survivors hide in trees and watch as the oxen attack. A strange   
   
phenomenon—a semi-covered flagstone with markings—emerges, drawing their attention.   
When one ox is transformed, the others follow, creating a shimmering light that warns   
them of impending danger. They escape just before the light fades.   
1. **Whapum Defeat**: The survivors confront and destroy the village, banishing the   
   
red-eyed oxen back to Greenvale. They return home with new skills and a deeper   
understanding of the world's dangers.   
