---
# yaml-language-server: $schema=schemas/page.schema.json
Object type:
    - Page
Backlinks:
    - Farfall Session Notes
    - Farfall
Creation date: "2025-06-27T08:25:02Z"
Created by:
    - Alan Moreira
id: bafyreicwu3ycyetizjajo4ijgiqyothgugs7bykjuxtpj7fga2zmdw6fda
---
# 2025-04-05 b   
# 2025-04-05   
**Characters:**   
- *Rook* - Trailblazer, dealing with complications due to Thieves' Guild disapproval.   
- *Juni* - Scout, responsible for navigating and exploring new territories.   
- *Trixie* - Quartermaster, who faces her own challenges.   
- *Dong* - A character who seems to have a unique relationship with the Druid College inhabitants due to   
   
being high on magic weed.   
- *Flabistus* - A trapped demon who desires release by Druids.   
- *Mustria's Wizard College* - The setting where Harry, a knowledgeable and experienced Wizard, resides.   
   
**Plot Points:**   
1. **Rescue Zurboh from Hell:** Requires the services of a Wizard such as Harry, who has firsthand experience with transcendental travel. There may be conditions and consequences attached to this rescue mission.   
2. **Unravel the Identity of Uforn:** Determine if Uforn is truly a friend or foe in disguise and what his intentions are regarding his role as Deputy/High Wizard.   
3. **Free Flabistus:** By enlisting the help of Druids who trapped him, using a Druidic ritual or otherwise.   
4. **Navigate Munstria:** A cold and rainy land where Rook faces challenges with the Thieves' Guild of   
   
Munstria ("SCOUN").   
1. **Mustria’s Wizard College:** The final destination where decisions must be made regarding the rescue of Zurboh, interactions with Harry, and preparations to navigate through Hell.   
   
**Potential Challenges:**   
- *Magic Items:* The enchanted gemstone that serves as a trigger for transcendental travel needs protection from falling into demonic hands.   
- *Political Intrigue:* The politics within Mustrian Wizard College and its relationship with external   
   
entities could add layers of complexity.   
- *Moral Dilemmas:* The ethical questions posed by trapping demons for centuries and the risks associated with dealing with them directly.   
   
**Future Directions:**   
- **Character Development:** Delve deeper into the backstories and personal growth of each character as they confront challenges and moral quandaries.   
- **Exploration of Magic:** Expand on the magical system and its limitations, rules, and the consequences of using or misusing magic.   
- **Encounters with Other Characters:** Introduce more characters from Munstria's Wizard College, Druidic circles, or political factions that either aid or obstruct the protagonists.   
