The glass felt cold to the touch as she curled fingers lightly around stem of challace. Gold filigree filled echted hunting scenes, mounted lords frozen in action loosing arrows arching over fields upon unsupecting deer. She traced her finger over the vingette, clean, smooth, amazing craftmenship. The searched the foot of the glass for a makers mark but found none, which she found strange. She then set the glass back atop the oak sideboard, sliding it back between a 16th century french porcelin vase of rich blues and startling whites and a carved jade statue of the Buddah of a deep vibrant green. She stepped back frowning. As if this insult not enough, the wall behind was pale burgandy, some managing to clash with pieces bookending the glass.

She heard a click behind and turned to watch as a small man with overly large eyes slowly pulled open an imposing door of hardwood and iron banding. He pulled with patience, slow, steady, almost infuiatingly so, but stopping when it a mere half a foot open. He then performed a sweeping bow and swepted his arm welcoming her through, all while a slight crinkle of amusement teased the edges of his eyes.

She took one last glance at the afrontery atop the sideboard then strode with purpose to the crack of an opening. She reached into a pocket and pulled out a concave silver mirror. She cupped it in her hand, gently placed it against the door frame and began rocked slowly up. The mirror returned a magnified view of the far side of the door frame.