---
# yaml-language-server: $schema=schemas/page.schema.json
Object type:
    - Page
Creation date: "2025-07-19T15:01:37Z"
Created by:
    - Alan Moreira
id: bafyreih6xwk2aheeixr6cy5olojvod4n5gleoxic24xxdtucntz4jmuq7i
---
# 5a641e47d53a7f2354465b9150ae53d5ff8d0   
NBT Q2   
NINJA QUEST 2: Banish the Scale   
To transform libe a ninja, you have to learn to ignore your weight   
Check the scale today or tomorrow if you want. Then you must banish   
the scale for the rest of this adventure. For the next three weeks, you   
will not weigh yourself.   
Why not? Because your goal is to feel healthier, happier, stronger. And   
that goal is not a number. That goal is a feeling   
mind and body feel-not to what a machine says   
On this adventure, you will learn to pay closer attention to   
other signs of health and vitality: how much energy you have, what   
mood you're in, how well you sleep, how often you get sick, and the   
increasingly powerful actions you can take with your body.   
Banishing your scale will also help you avoid one of the biggest mistakes   
people make when they diet: adopting short-term habits that they'll never   
be able to sustain. By focusing on how you feel instead of how much you   
weigh, you'll develop more sustainable habits, a powerful intuition, and   
true self-control.   
What to do: Weigh yourself one last time-and then physically remove   
the scale from where you normally use it. Put it in the back of a closet, in   
the garage, or on a very high shelf.   
Tip: If you think it will be really hard for you to go three weeks without   
weighing yourself, recruit a friend or family member to hide the scale for   
you!   
