---
# yaml-language-server: $schema=schemas/page.schema.json
Object type:
    - Page
Creation date: "2025-07-19T15:01:37Z"
Created by:
    - Alan Moreira
id: bafyreifk7ls6vpfjcpxrywsg4vsmgorgkxi63tffmnqq5p6nsi32j4niya
---
# 5a641f4159fb93d3147de93c1a8022f53ac7c   
LC Q1   
LOVE CONNECTION QUEST 1: Love the Good Stuff   
1. Show enthusiasm   
2. Ask questions   
3. Congratulate them and express your happiness for them   
4. Relive the experience with them   
   
You're on an adventure to increase the love in your life. So let's start with what scientists have identified as the number-one secret to building strong relationships.   
It's called active constructive responding, or ACR for short. It strengthens all kinds of relationships-not just romantic but also work and family relationships, as well as friendships. Although most people have never heard of this skill, the scientific research behind it is so strong, it's taught as the number-one most important relationship-building skill everywhere from the U.S. Army (as part of the Master Resilience course created by University of Pennsylvania psychologists) to the halls of the matchmaking site eHarmony.com (where senior research scientists contributed to peer-reviewed studies on the phenomenon).   
So what exactly is ACR? It involves celebrating someone else's success or good news with genuine enthusiasm and interest. Instead of offering a passive "congratulations" or "way to go" (or worse, actively sabotaging their   
celebration with a negative reaction!), you actively engage them in a   
positive conversation about the good news.   
Here's how you do it:   
1. Show enthusiasm. This is not the time to be distracted or seem   
   
disinterested. Stop what you're doing and give the person your full   
attention. Don't change the subject. Don't talk about yourself. Don't   
undermine their excitement. Try to match their enthusiasm with   
your own.   
1. Ask questions. Draw them out about the news. "Tell me more!   
   
"When will that happen?" "How long have you been waiting to find   
out?" "What will you do to celebrate?" It doesn't matter what you ask.   
What's important is giving them a chance to keep talking about it so   
they can relish the moment.   
1. Congratulate them and express your happiness for them.   
   
It's a small thing, but be sure to tell them directly that you share their   
happiness. "I'm so pleased for you." "I'm so happy for you." "You   
deserve this." "I'm so proud of you." "This is truly the best news I've   
heard all week."   
1. Relive the experience with them. Keep the conversation   
   
going. Success is something to be savored. Ask them to tell you about   
it in detail. If they've received good news, for example, you could ask   
them questions like "Where were you when you found out?" "What   
did you say when you heard the news?" "Who did you tell first?   
How did you feel when you found out?" Or if they're celebrating a   
success, simply ask them to tell you more about the most important   
moments. "What were you thinking when you crossed the finish   
line?" "How did your family react to the news?" Questions like these   
will put them right back in the happy moment and help them really   
savor it.   
It sounds simple enough, but studies show that nothing contributes   
more to the long-term strength and success of relationships than whether   
its participants do ACR. Couples who do it stay married longer. (And nevw   
couples who do it fall in love faster.) Coworkers who do it are happier and   
more collaborative at work. Family members who do it report feeling closer   
to each other and experience less anxiety and depression. People who   
develop this skill and practice it regularly have more and stronger   
friendships.   
Now you know the secret. If you want more love in your life, celebrate   
others' good news with the enthusiasm and excitement of a true ally.   
