---
# yaml-language-server: $schema=schemas/page.schema.json
Object type:
    - Page
Creation date: "2025-07-19T15:01:37Z"
Created by:
    - Alan Moreira
id: bafyreic6rj6iwszfd2nhiulhygu656b4tyuwuu5joa6cqeu4zbqgowd43u
---
# 5a641e03b174f701e408da812dc2a85656b91   
DWYA ENFP Jobs Entrepreural   
ENTREPRENEURIAL BUSINESS   
. Consultant   
. Inventor   
Sales: intangibles/ideas   
Fuman resources manager   
Human resources development trainer   
Meeting, conference, and event planner   
Employment development specialist   
Restaurateur   
Management consultant: change management/team   
building/diversity   
Merchandise planner   
Diversity manager: human resources   
Corporate/team trainer   
. Advertising account manager or account executive   
.Public relations specialist   
Marketing executive: radio/TV/cable broadcast   
industry   
Outplacement consultant   
Environmental lawyer   
Personnel recruiter   
Labor relations specialist   
ENFPs are born entrepreneurs! They enjoy working for   
themselves because it gives them the freedom and   
flexibility, and the opportunity, to chose the projects they   
wish to work on and the people they want to work with.   
They usually have an abundance of ideas they want to see   
turned into reality, particularly those that will affect other   
people. Many ENFP   
building, conflict resolution, or increasing effectiveness in   
the workplace. They also enjoy being independent   
salespeople, especially selling intangibles--ideas, rather   
than products.   
s enjoy consulting in the areas of team   
The conventional business world is usually not appealing   
to ENFPs because they dislike excessive rules, regulations,   
or standard operating procedures. However, within   
traditional organizations, ENFPs flock to the human   
resources departments in the role of trainers and counselors.   
They find that a career as an employment development   
adviser uses their abilities to plan ahead and devise creative   
ways for people to do their work while keeping the organization's goals in mind.   
Remember, these are only some areas that provide   
satisfying expression for the unique natural talents of the   
ENFP.   
#Career   
