---
# yaml-language-server: $schema=schemas/page.schema.json
Object type:
    - Page
Creation date: "2025-07-19T15:01:37Z"
Created by:
    - Alan Moreira
id: bafyreia7gumr3d6c7foy4kwdcnp4av6l75ynqspfx7zrrqkozdcn2tmcyi
---
# sjoh561cad0bc21184652a9a1c25993366ca3   
Protest Behavior   
Excessive attempts to reestablish contact:   
- Calling, texting, or e-mailing many times, waiting for a phone call, loitering by your partner’s workplace in hopes of running into him/her.   
   
Withdrawing:   
- Sitting silently “engrossed” in the paper, literally turning your back on your partner, not speaking, talking with other people on the phone and ignoring him/her.   
   
Keeping score:   
- Paying attention to how long it took them to return your phone call and waiting just as long to return theirs; waiting for them to make the first “make-up” move and acting distant until such time. When Ryan decided not to leave a message for Shauna after she screened his calls, he was keeping score (“If she’s not answering my calls, I won’t leave her a message”).   
   
Acting hostile:   
- Rolling your eyes when they speak, looking away, getting up and leaving the room while they’re talking (acting hostile can transgress to outright violence at times).   
   
Threatening to leave:   
- Making threats—“We’re not getting along, I don’t think I can do this anymore,” “I knew we weren’t really right for each other,” “I’ll be better off without you”—all the while hoping s/he will stop you from leaving.   
   
Manipulations:   
- Acting busy or unapproachable. Ignoring phone calls, saying you have plans when you don’t.   
   
Making him/her feel jealous:   
- Making plans to get together with an ex for lunch, going out with friends to a singles bar, telling your partner about someone who hit on you today.   
