---
# yaml-language-server: $schema=schemas/page.schema.json
Object type:
    - Page
Creation date: "2025-07-19T15:01:37Z"
Created by:
    - Alan Moreira
id: bafyreie4n72xdhz5lcbdp6tkqr2pldv2llk57vq5vhgt64smd5rsbennju
---
# xdn3qb888be087097471793cdc838b1fb6c92   
What Ifs (Story Ideas)   
**What if...**   
- the world had aliens living on it?   
- a girl discovered that aliens were living on the world?   
- sea creatures raided the earth by opening cracks in the earth?   
- raccoon suddenly became sentient?   
- hundreds of people in a specific year were raised from the dead?   
- there was a leprechaun preserve in Ireland?   
- a girl found a device that could ???   
- a man discovered a secret path to the fairy lands?   
- aliens have made a base under Nebraska?   
- a scientist discovered a material that could ???   
- Moriarty had left traps that would attack the world but Sherlock was dead?   
- A gnome was a refuge with an earth family   
- Or an alien spaceship crashed and only some survivors   
- for the person who had been attacked in the story with the aliens and the blind person? What if instead it's the alien who comes and asks for help because she's on a tour and they get killed on tours. Maybe she's afraid now that she is been marked for death.   
- there was a vampire slayer in Victorian England.   
- there was a world where magic was normal, and there was a magician with too much power and little skill?   
- eureka met pride and pred in a place called the institute where they are on the forefront of technology? A new researcher? or a new constable?   
- What if there is a ship that sails around fixing problems, or learning about areas? Like star trek but during the middle ages? or during the victorian age?   
- there was a group of people who worked for the government, cleaners, who cleaned dangers and problems left by some mad wizard hundreds of years ago.   
